add deploy-3 docs (#2633)
wso2/docs-is: en/docs/deploy/configure-a-read-only-ldap-user-store.md

<td>Connection URL</td>
<td><p>This is the connection URL to the userstore server. In the case of default LDAP in Carbon, the port is specified in the <code><p><&ZeroWidthSpace;IS_HOME>/repository/conf/carbon.xml</code> file, and a reference to that port is included in this configuration.</p>
<p>Sample values:<br />
<a href="ldap://10.100.1.100:389">ldap://10.100.1.100:389</a><br />
<a href="ldaps://10.100.1.102:639">ldaps://10.100.1.102:639</a><br />
<br />
If you are connecting over ldaps (secured LDAP).<br />
you need to import the certificate of the userstore to <code><&ZeroWidthSpace;IS_HOME>/repository/resources/security/client-truststore.jks</code>. For information on how to add certificates to the truststore and how keystores are configured and used in a system, see <br />
<a href="../../../deploy/security/use-asymmetric-encryption">Use asymmetric encryption</a><br />
<br />
If LDAP connection pooling is used, see<br />
<a href="../../../deploy/performance-tuning-recommendations#performance-tuning-ldaps-pooling">performance tuning ldaps pooling.</a></p></td>
</tr>
<tr class="odd">
<td>ConnectionName</td>
<td>connection_name</td>
<td>Connection Name</td>

> <td><p>This is the username used to connect to the userstore and perform various operations. This user does not need to be an administrator in the userstore or have an administrator role in WSO2 Identity Server, but this user MUST have permissions to read the user list and users' attributes and to perform search operations on the userstore. The value you specify is used as the DN (Distinguish Name) attribute of the user who has sufficient permissions to perform operations on users and roles in LDAP.</p>

Reviewer: MUST -> must

<td>PasswordHashMethod</td>
<td>password_hash_method</td>
<td>Password Hashing Algorithm</td>
<td><p>Specifies the Password Hashing Algorithm used the hash the password before storing in the userstore<br />
Possible values:<br />
SHA - Uses SHA digest method. SHA-1, SHA-256<br />
MD5 - Uses MD 5 digest method.<br />
PLAIN_TEXT - Plain text passwords.(Default)</p>
<p>If you configure this as SHA, it is considered as SHA-1. It is always better to configure algorithm with a higher bit value as the digest bit size would be increased.<br />
<br />

> Most of the LDAP servers (such as OpenLdap, OpenDJ, AD, ApacheDS and etc..) are supported to store password as salted hashed values (SSHA).<br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most of the LDAP servers (such as OpenLdap, OpenDJ, AD, ApacheDS and etc.) are supported to store passwords as salted hashed values (SSHA).<br />
```

> Therefore, WSO2 IS server just wants to feed password into the connected userstore as a plain text value. Then LDAP userstore can store them as salted hashed value. To feed the plain text in to the LDAP server, you need to set PasswordHashMethod to “PLAIN_TEXT”<br />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, WSO2 IS just wants to feed passwords into the connected userstore as a plain text value. Then LDAP userstore can store them as a salted hashed value. To feed the plain text into the LDAP server, you need to set PasswordHashMethod to “PLAIN_TEXT”<br />
```

> However, if your LDAP does not support to store user password as hashed values, you can configure WSO2 server to hash the password and then feed the hashed password in to the LDAP server. For this, you need to configure the PasswordHashMethod property with SHA (SHA-1), SHA-256, or SHA-512. The WSO2 server cannot create a salted hashed password (SSHA) to feed in to the LDAP.</p></td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, if your LDAP does not support storing user passwords as hashed values, you can configure WSO2 IS to hash the password and then feed the hashed password into the LDAP server. For this, you need to configure the PasswordHashMethod property with SHA (SHA-1), SHA-256, or SHA-512. The WSO2 IS cannot create a salted hashed password (SSHA) to feed into the LDAP.</p></td>
```
